DOCS-820: Refactor Install Guide IA pass (#1365)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/local-configuration-file.md

* [Build a local configuration file in the Viam app](#build-a-local-configuration-file-in-the-viam-app) - Use the Viam app to build the configuration file and copy it to your robot, without connecting your robot to the Viam app.
* [Build a local configuration file manually](#build-a-local-configuration-file-manually) - Build your own local configuration file based on our example file.

For information on the individual configuration options available, see [Configuration](/manage/configuration/).

## Build a local configuration file in the Viam app

If your robot will never connect to the internet, and you want to create a local configuration file manually, you can still use the Viam app to build the configuration file even without connecting your robot to it.
Follow the steps below to build and then download your configuration file:

1. Navigate to [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com) and select the **Config** tab.
1. Use **Builder** mode to add components and services, configure attributes, and map pin assignments.
1. Then, switch to **Raw JSON** mode to be shown the equivalent JSON configuration to the settings you made in **Builder** mode.

> 1. Download the JSON code to the board or computer you intend to run `viam-server` on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the JSON config to the board or computer you intend to run `viam-server` on.
```
(technically not code)

>    You can click the **See full config** link to be shown this file in plaintext for easy copying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can click the **See full config** link to get the plaintext for easy copying.

```

If you later need to make changes to your robot's configuration:

1. Make your edits under the **Config** tab in **Builder** mode
1. Switch to **Raw JSON** mode to view your full configuration in JSON format
1. Download the code to your robot, overwriting your local configuration file with the new one.
   If it is currently running, `viam-server` will detect the updated configuration and apply it automatically -- there is no need to restart `viam-server` to apply changes.

{{% alert title="Note" color="note" %}}
This process is not required if your robot is connected to the Viam app.
When connected, any configuration changes you make in the app are propagated to your robot automatically.
If your robot temporarily disconnects from the internet, its configuration is cached locally, and any configuration changes you may have made in the app are propagated to your robot once it reconnects.
{{% /alert %}}

## Build a local configuration file manually

> If your robot will never connect to the internet, you may create a local configuration file yourself without using the Viam app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your robot will never connect to the internet, you can create a local configuration file yourself without using the Viam app.
```

may is a bit like we're giving permission

A locally-configured robot will not be able to access Viam's cloud features.

> This approach is not recommended unless the other options are unavailable to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the app to create the configuration file as it is less error-prone.
```

> If you followed our instructions to [install `viam-server` on an SBC](/installation/#install-viam-server) or [install on a macOS or Linux computer](/installation/#install-on-a-macos-or-linux-computer), an example configuration file is provided in the following location:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you followed the instructions to [install `viam-server` on an SBC](/installation/#install-viam-server) or [install on a macOS or Linux computer](/installation/#install-on-a-macos-or-linux-computer), you can access an example configuration file in the following location:
```
(avoid passive voice)
